this video will describe the differences
between Taylor carbonated and
uncarbonated slush slush is an extremely
popular and profitable addition to your
business contrary to popular belief
slush is not just a summer drink that is
sold only in warm climates it is a
refreshing beverage enjoyed year-round
the slush is made as the machine freezes
the liquid base and creates the icy
Cybil treat enjoyed by all ages with
margins generally in excess of 70 to 80
percent operators find they make a
minimum of $1 profit with every cup of
slush they sell our two most popular
styles are the carbonated and the
uncarbonated slush what's the difference
and which should you consider with
uncarbonated slush the slush mix is
generally mixed by hand and manually
added to the machine with plain water
our most popular models are the 2 & 3
barrel machines and use a food service
package of dry Kool Aid mix for the
slush base simply mix kool-aid and cold
water shake and pour on the top of the
machine the constantly turning scraper
blades scrape the frozen product off the
freezing cylinder and create the slush
this style is most popular for medium
volume operations where a staff member
is available to continue to keep the
unit filled with slush mix for higher
volume locations we recommend the
carbonated slush machines it is an
automatically filled unit using normal
fountain syrup water and carbon dioxide
the machine automatically measures the
correct amount of syrup water and carbon
dioxide mixing the carbonated water and
syrup to make the slush mix it is then
automatically fed into the freezing
cylinder where it is frozen down to the
slush consistency these two and for
flavor high capacity machines required
dramatically less operator maintenance
and can make upwards of a hundred and
fifty drinks per box of syrup before the
operator simply has to change the box
whatever your volume or application your
customers will enjoy the slush and you
will enjoy the profits from selling
slush super-good and joy